design process is a chain of specification. i.e., ____?;definition->implementation->verification steps
What does requirements specification refer to?;Definition of external behaviour 
What does design specification refer to?;Definition of software architecture
Corrective maintenance not only changes the implementation. Is this statement true or false?;False;->Corrective maintenance only changes the implementation.
Adaptive and perfective maintenance occur because of what?;requirement changes
What does specification clarify?;Specification clarifies whether the change involves a modification to the interface or the implementation.
List specification qualities.;Usability, maintainability, reusability, and verification etc.;Clear, Unambiguous, Understandable;Consistent;Complete;Incremental;Validatable;Abstract
"Selecting is the process of designating areas of the document that you want to work on. Most editing and formatting actions require two steps: first you select what you want to work on, such as text or graphics, then you initiate the appropriate action." What are the potential problems with this specification?;Can an area be scattered?;Can both text and graphics be selected?
"The message must be triplicated. The three copies must be forwarded through three different physical channels. The receiver accepts the message on the basis of a two-out-of-three voting policy." What is a potential problems with this specification?;Can a message be accepted as soon as we receive 2 out of 3 identical copies, or do we need to wait for receipt of the 3rd.
Given specification: "The program shall be user friendly." What is a potential problem with this specification?;What does it mean to be user friendly?;Who is a typical user?;How would you measure success or failure in meeting this requirement?
Given specification: "Given A and b, solve the linear system Ax = b for x, such that the error in any entry of x is less than 5 %?" What is a potential problem with this specification?;Is A constrained to be square?;Can A be singular?;Even if the problem is made completely unambiguous, the requirement cannot be validated.
"The whole text should be kept in lines of equal length. The length is specified by the user. Unless the user gives an explicit hyphenation command, a carriage return should occur only at the end of a word." What is a potential problems with this specification?;What if the length of a word exceeds the length of the line?
List some Homonyms;Same spelling different meaning, maybe different pronunciation (ex. bank, bow, biweekly, ...)
Name some Homophone;Same pronunciation, but different meaning, origin or spelling (ex. new/knew, to/too/two, ...)
Consistent: What kind of words may cause potential problem?;homonyms
Consistent: Changing the symbol may be necessary for consistency, but it could adversely effect ____.;understandability
Complete: What is internal completeness?;The specification must define any new concept or terminology that it uses.
Complete: What is external completeness?;The specification must document all the needed requirements.
Incremental: What is it referring to?;specification process:;	From sketchy document to details;specification document:;	Document is structured and can be understood in increment.
What does 'operational' mean when it comes to SPECIFICATION STYLE?;Behaviour specification in terms of some abstract machine
What does 'Descriptive' mean when it comes to SPECIFICATION STYLE?;Behaviour described in terms of properties
Example:'The result of sorting array a is an array b which is a permutation of a and is sorted.' How to formalize the notion of sorted?;sorted(A)_=\forall(i:N|0<=i<=(|A|-2):A[i]<=A[i+1])
'Sorted' in operational specification.;Let a be an array of n elements. The result of its sorting is an array b of n elements such that the first element of b is the  minimum of a (if several elements of a have the same value, any one of them is acceptable), the second element of b is minimum of the array of n-1 elements obtained from a by removing its minimum element, and so on until all n elements of a have been removed.